Gwenevere Abriel: couples therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a ceiling and a blue wall. Not much else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't hear you just yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, got it. Hi, good morning.
Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And ready to
Gwenevere Abriel: You both there. I can't tell. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. Good morning. Are you guys caffeinated ready to solve the world's problems.
So my caffeinated.
Me. No, no, no.
Cynthia We: No, because all the lights are behind and it will make the don't make
Gwenevere Abriel: This all figured out by now.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a zoom champ.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you um I saw a little text that you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Did a bunch it well yeah we
Cynthia We: Were almost done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, quite there. So you
Cynthia We: Will want to edit it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me see how this went Cindy you you took it upon yourself to put in writing some numbers for a budget and now you're going to pass it to Scott. Is that what I'm hearing
Cynthia We: No, no, we sat down together and
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you mean by he's going to edit it.
Cynthia We: Cuz he's freaked out about how big it is. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's talk about him. He's right here. Let's do it differently.
Well,
Cynthia We: Like you said that you know I'm just saying, you do a budget and I didn't do it based on like, you know, you're supposed to save receipts to do the Pat do is figure out kind of how much you were paying in the past. So you have an idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of way richer.
Cynthia We: Well, we didn't we just get because we went off of kind of some old numbers we had and what we kind of figured newly okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't you, why don't we have
Cynthia We: Seeing if that if this is realistic or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, how many items do you have left.
Cynthia We: Do we have left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, to add, how many items do you have left. So it's complete to the
Jury
Cynthia We: I don't know, entertainment, I put entertainment. I'm here without a number because yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish that let's finish entertainment. And can we just think about it for just this next month and then thinking there's going to be a reality check after that.
Cynthia We: Oh well.
Cynthia We: I think that when we, when we were going over it. I wanted it to be our normal budget. Okay. When Scott's working. So this doesn't matter for now because we won't be able to spend on clothes or things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's work it backwards. Let's not get take too much time on analysis work it backwards. How much did you write for housing okay 1650
Cynthia We: That's for read. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is there some other
Cynthia We: Water and Sewer and trash is 110 which utility
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I've got water, sewer trash. Just because I have this little item here myself water, sewer trash, I have just missed the last line separate from electric and gas.
Cynthia We: You can go yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Electric gas.
Cynthia We: Electric is 120
Gwenevere Abriel: And you both agree that's monthly
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, water, sewer trash.
Cynthia We: 110 110 110
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't thinking you guys are paying that because you're renting, but I guess shower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Tommy tuition. One more time.
Cynthia We: Oh, we've got that well 29
Cynthia We: wishing we didn't. Oh, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 zero 29 as in
Cynthia We: One to two none. Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me jump down to this other one which I have secretly secretly ugly, ugly for dance tuition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's dance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yeah 200 and just that count costume.
Cynthia We: Know, so we count that as education tuition that we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what I did is I just happened to putter around this morning and I pulled some things apart, um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I put something for entertainment arts and wreck. I don't know if you want to dance, or if you want to just lose
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I'll just add it here like this. Just with dance so costumes. Um, OK. So the Nutcracker. They get charged $40 each
Cynthia We: So at and then recycles month when they're charging us for costumes this month. Okay, so, so this so you're doing it as a yearly total
Cynthia We: And then we'll divide it right or
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, let's just look at it this month we'll get we'll get there. We can edit it.
Cynthia We: We can code up quicker isn't relevant than for this month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's move on.
Cynthia We: The costumes.
Cynthia We: Are relevant because they are charging us this month.
Cynthia We: So it will be
Gwenevere Abriel: At for this month. Let's put it in there. Let's put it inside. I have this little category for dance intuition. I'm. It has to do with something. I'm assuming you both have this shared value. It's not like you're going to not do it. So it's really non negotiable, am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it's two at this month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right, um, it goes for custom
Cynthia We: Know Lolo 70 and Tikkun will be at my god
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's good for you to hear it. You know, it's this
Cynthia We: Note about it on the front table. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's that's that's 150 and is that 200 for dance is that every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so that's actually. Am I wrong 350
Cynthia We: It's 350 yes it
Cynthia We: Is
Cynthia We: Just 200 so
Gwenevere Abriel: The groceries, typically a month I plugged in 800 it was random. I know it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I heard sounds great 800 is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Cynthia We: Our goal used to be 600 though.
Cynthia We: Well, well, but then we added 200 because I thought that I would like household items such as laundry detergent and paper towels and all of that crap to fall under groceries.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it is
Cynthia We: Oh, good.
Cynthia We: Okay 1000 it's 1000
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to come back to it. If this number doesn't work because this, this little thing I did in Excel does all the math for me. Praise Jesus. OK. And then let's go to sell. How much is sell both of you together every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cell phones. Yes.
250 but I don't think it's that much mobile phones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly how much those three phones electric and gas was 120 or I'm a
Cynthia We: Graphic is 120 gas is 70 because sometimes it's 20 and sometimes it's 101 20
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you, you. So we're going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: A 120 a month is that the number we're going to kind of average
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes up and down. Do you want to go with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Then we have sewer 110 trash watch cable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Internet. I'm assuming I don't know what you guys are doing over there. Well,
Cynthia We: Yeah, we're just doing stuff. But if you add all the Netflix everything up, it comes to subjects 70 $72 right now. Yeah, okay. But that doesn't include internet
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go internet
Cynthia We: To put TV in
Cynthia We: Okay so tonight is seven.
Cynthia We: Okay so internet
Gwenevere Abriel: Cable 72 and then internet is 90. Did you just say
Cynthia We: Yeah, but that's internet it's phone and internet
Gwenevere Abriel: 9393 got it. Okay. And then we have car maintenance repair and tires. This I just plugged in a random number and I lost all that work that we had done. We have done. I know everyone all those tire numbers. I could not find that note saved my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is, um, what are we thinking about something like once a year, I think, changing out the tires or something was
Cynthia We: Reached out to to have two cars changing out once a year.
Cynthia We: Plus three oil changes each car. Yeah, that's 50 or 60 a pop. Okay. For some reason I have $100 divided when you brought up about about 1200 dollars a month.
So,
Cynthia We: You know the thing about that is, we're not going to get tires for 11 months out of the year. So we're just going to roll the number over
Cynthia We: Yeah budget or like we're just keeping money in an envelope kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kinda like that. Keep it like that. So let's just look at the charts. One more time. I apologize, as if it was 12 months. What will we saying for a set of tires.
Cynthia We: 400 for one more. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. But yeah, there are about about 100. That's all right.
Cynthia We: I mean, I think they're about 60 something but they charge. Other thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so it's 800
That's
Cynthia We: Each oil change. I think you guys yeah and so 1100 total
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you have for tires and oil.
Yeah 1200 total 1200
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so karmic. Now, does that count.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't have an emergency piece in it. Um, but that's not a bad. Let's do
Cynthia We: You normally put an emergency, just in case.
Cynthia We: In there, or do you just keep that separate because I want you put emergency pieces and all medical stuff and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: already going to be a place for last minute emergency do regular expected things. So there's some predictability of little ok we'll go here. We just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically hundred dollars right
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking away. Okay. Dance tuition. I put 350 I'm just running through that I put se supplies of a random number. So tell me what that would be.
Cynthia We: Oh, random $120 a month, maybe you're putting their business office, though.
Cynthia We: I'm just put it under Etsy supplies.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a pet, we want to put like 75 or how much
Cynthia We: Yeah, I put 99 for because I don't think we include a cat litter last time.
Cynthia We: It used to be 75
Gwenevere Abriel: So how much is the bag of kitty litter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times do you do you get that once a month.
Cynthia We: Or every week. How often once a month or twice a month. Okay, once a month depending on how many people are coming over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what what's included in this this number, then tell me about
Cynthia We: 13 $50 bag of dog food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay $50 yeah yeah
And then
Cynthia We: Um, it's, it's like 12 or 13 or I can buy two 699 bags.
Cynthia We: Or you can buy one.
Gwenevere Abriel: For kitty.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yes 76. So yes, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was pretty good I saw, I was always put in 76 okay and then we have transportation. So this is, you guys are taking the bus. There's, I found a spot you mentioned Uber as a last minute thing for chicken somewhere.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good point. Like I just like put that somewhere else. But I'm just going to take transportation out right now. I'm assuming you guys aren't
Cynthia We: Did you put on auto insurance under insurance or none.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of this word insurance here, but I don't know if this is health. Let me add another category here, I've got, we got to do both. Let me add a little row insert and I'll put car insurance Quantico cuesta for that one.
Cynthia We: A month. What's the number 130
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 134 and then health insurance.
Cynthia We: We don't have to pay for that all the time. We won't be yeah my work covers it, and I'm working enough where we don't have to do any co pays. I mean, we don't have to do any supplemental payments. So we haven't had to pay it all year. And we probably won't have to fit this year.
Gwenevere Abriel: And things like childcare and camp. So sometimes you
Cynthia We: Have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Babysitter and saving for winter camps and summer camps. If they do those things. I don't know.
Cynthia We: Yeah, they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I wrote down a random number 75 but you guys tell me
Cynthia We: Well, so we're not just doing this month then. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, just for a second, this we're gonna do this we'll come back and I, if I can pull it out a second, it doesn't make sense.
Cynthia We: Go grandparents before. And we're going to stand out. Yeah, yeah. Grandparents preferred brand. Yeah, like $300 grandparent pays for it can't be for the kid got them into that deal
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm a monkey BABY SIT. HAVE A babysitter come in and you have like date night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never do you guys want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like oh, we're dipping into a new zone.
Cynthia We: Never, never is not true.
Cynthia We: But, um, well, we've been having Jody babysit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: What do you last time she drove Lola.
Cynthia We: After drinking and so I don't want her babysitting, but you have to babysitting now to not at night. You can't really babysit at night. Well, and I don't really know if he it's good, a good idea if you
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you have a sitter.
Cynthia We: We do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's her name or his name.
Cynthia We: I'm sure nine
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much dish and if
Cynthia We: There's an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 an hour and a typical
Cynthia We: Night Out is maybe
Cynthia We: Five hours, four hours, we go to a movie and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to plug in 75
Cynthia We: And then we'll move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so for regular insurance your car 134 credit cards, how much are you I'm paying to either pay down. I have no idea which credit card debt.
Cynthia We: I put 44 years ish, which is not the minimum but uh yeah when we're stuck paying minimums.
Cynthia We: Like five at 358 course we would like a category where we are paying was done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely let's just see what this gets us lungs. I heard a little something something about alone. Maybe for some equipment. I'm didn't know if that needs to be started
Cynthia We: Repeal but we have a couple other ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I've got one. How many because I got one. I can add some
Cynthia We: We have one for to something
To
Cynthia We: Think it's it's
Cynthia We: Oh god.
Cynthia We: I think it's like 2929 for one loan, a month and the other one is 120 2020 and
Gwenevere Abriel: How should we label this this 2091. What do we label that
Cynthia We: We have to label it or what kind of loan or looking at what's the name of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give me a name like, Screw you loan or
Cynthia We: high interest screw long
Gwenevere Abriel: Two percenters
Cynthia We: Ba ba ba ba empty is the name of the company. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby at a baby a
Cynthia We: Baby V as in Victor
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotta push the other loan.
Cynthia We: Security finance sure any
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other laws, fine.
Cynthia We: No, it's no we don't have any car loans. We paid our cars all
Gwenevere Abriel: Day long and do you, um, I don't know how you work out taxes. So you're an independent contractor or no i don't know if you if you for away money for that. That's kind of a big one. Actually, we haven't
Cynthia We: Yeah, when when Scott has equipment and he's doing that he will have to, but I don't think right now. It isn't ever. It has never total where we've had to pay money for taxes. No, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, gifts we have birthdays. We have charity category here and gifts white
Cynthia We: Wedding coming that we have to buy gifts for two ways. Um so gifts parties gifts old versions will say like
Cynthia We: I don't know the wedding, one has to be kind of a big one. Yeah, but that's like once in a blue moon right except they're still
Cynthia We: Right. So if you want to add to wedding gifts. This year, then miscellaneous birthday parties. I mean,
Cynthia We: What is 20 we used to have a gifts and celebrations category that included all birthdays all holidays, things like that. Yeah. What do you do with Christmas is that that's its own entity. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so. So let's, um, let's do this. Let's look at because this is your life. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oftentimes there's this disconnect with no this is kind of these are the things that happen. So I really kind of think, including birthdays kids going to other birthday parties is important. Do you kind of go, hey, Austin $25 one shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And just about what
Cynthia We: I'm maybe like once a month, once a month. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And when you're going to a wedding and you want to get someone a gift you go higher. What do you do. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Cynthia We: So it's like a couple hundred bucks.
Cynthia We: I think so, probably a couple hundred bucks each. So to those
So let me just do a little something something here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those, those are kind of coming up.
Cynthia We: Yeah, there's one in March.
Cynthia We: And one in May.
Cynthia We: We're actually I think we're going to try and go to the one in May.
It's in Michigan.
Cynthia We: We're going to skip the one in March and send me give. And then I also got invited to the shower. So I should send the shower gifts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna say $35 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and cigarettes.
Cynthia We: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome.
Cynthia We: Thank you. I'm down to a
Cynthia We: I'd say I buy
Cynthia We: Three packs a week.
Cynthia We: Maybe
Cynthia We: I might just be but I'm not really sure.
Cynthia We: Yeah, oh, I'm trying, I'm putting
Gwenevere Abriel: How much are they have no idea.
Cynthia We: They're $11 a pack.
Cynthia We: So $33 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: 3393
Cynthia We: No, that's a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so 30 it okay if it was three packs.
Cynthia We: Yeah, we could say two packs and then I could shoot for two paths, because I think that that is my goal to be smoking, much less
Cynthia We: I could actually pay attention and then I could actually smoke all those little pieces out in the garage and in the backyard that I like to smoke cigarettes.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I said two and a half times $11 2750 a week. Is that right,
Yeah.
Cynthia We: So much better than it used to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: A vacation. Sure. You want to say I'm 110 of us.
For now.
Cynthia We: It'll go away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, now we're getting into the hmm, I'm going to say some things they may not be on your list. I'm college for one k RA savings miscellaneous Uber field trips and then other so what what do you guys have on your, your notes that I haven't mentioned
Cynthia We: Okay, we have home supplies meaning like things stupid things like light bulbs batteries, things like that. I guess that's under phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Cynthia We: I mean, basically the stuff you don't necessarily buy at the grocery store that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What you come up with for a number, right.
Cynthia We: I just put $50 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: Take to take my Carl
Gwenevere Abriel: What about field trips unexpected school field trips. Gosh, those things happen. Man Huh.
Little
Cynthia We: Was there I was free, but to
Cynthia We: You know,
Cynthia We: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, so for example out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got one that they slept them up to take him down to Miami, they go see this and then they should let them to Disney because I've got Disney right here. And so they they send them up there to Orlando and I gotta you know pay for these days in the in the hotel and the bundle, but
Cynthia We: No, you don't have anything like that. I mean, next year is going to Costa Rica trip but that's next year when he was in eighth grade.
Cynthia We: But there's might take to a camp in the beginning of the year, they had to pay for, but there was like no 150 I don't remember exactly. Okay, somebody just put so should we keep that separate from our you know vacation.
Cynthia We: RTS. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I've got, um, let me just come back to this one more time just what did I just say field trip. I've had miscellaneous, miscellaneous
Gwenevere Abriel: Uber field trip I plugged into hundred but that might not be true. I don't know, because that's a year like how many wouldn't do more than 200 a year for, like, including weird things. It's good. I expected stuff for a kid and. Okay. All right.
Cynthia We: And over when he has taken over which she did quite a bit. Last year it was like $13 time
Cynthia We: Well with tip is pretty minimal right yeah but you still have to add it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then a college just asking if you guys are thinking about a fund for those guys.
Cynthia We: Well, I mean, my dad is got a college fund for them that's growing and pretty huge right now, but so that's a blessing. We'd still. You never know. So we still would like to do that but
Cynthia We: I'm kind of see, you put away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not even go there. All right.
Cynthia We: What do you recommend
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I'm man. I'm a behaviorist. This is I'm I'm coming along here just to make this happen. You don't want my financial advice.
Cynthia We: So you don't have anything for that. And we also don't have a 401k or wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stop right now. This might bring up some. Remember I said we're about to dip into stuff that kind of bring up
Gwenevere Abriel: Things. So here's what I did. I stood I sent over here and I just plugged in numbers I put in college.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put in 100 401 K put in 100 raw savings switch it Ross's, you know, you're basically you're paying a tax now on income, he put it in a savings. Then when y'all are old, you pull it out. You don't have to pay taxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I plugged in 100 because around numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so that this whole thing my whole list comes to me ask you something. For I say the number
Gwenevere Abriel: I plugged in. Whoops.
Cynthia We: We still have a lot on here that you probably don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: I will then tell me
Cynthia We: Okay. Do you have auto insurance get gas and fuel. Yes, the car. You got that. Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put one night. Oh wait, hold on car maintenance. I
Cynthia We: Separate from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me add this and
Cynthia We: You added under transportation and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Maybe that's how I check it out. A car absolutely fuel what she got there.
Cynthia We: 300 a month. Okay.
Cynthia We: Then we got some office office office supplies, ya know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that
Cynthia We: Is that like printer printer a paper. How big is
Gwenevere Abriel: That different than kind of FC. How is that different
Cynthia We: At all those corner business expenses, it could own thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me go se slash
Gwenevere Abriel: Business because it's really about busy.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: You're right, all three business. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's let me change because you have that sort of going on too. Don't you, Scott. It's not just as
Cynthia We: Well, probably soon. Yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just go.
Cynthia We: Just go business. Let's see. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What number. Now I had 120. What do we change in that to
Cynthia We: That was
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy.
Cynthia We: Now what do you is the nation, a month. Right, I'm guessing, Scott. I have no idea.
Cynthia We: Because sometimes I have to buy supplies.
Cynthia We: But you don't. But you don't every month. Right. We don't if I get an order I do all expenses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so more
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the okay on an average, take, take the last three months.
Cynthia We: It's it is it's expensive because it's a terrible printer is like $100 a month really
Cynthia We: I'm not sure I'm guessing. Okay. So, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I'm sorry $20 for the black ink every month and then the
Cynthia We: Color ink is like $70 but that's only every three months or every that's only when you're printing out a 400 page story that you're right.
Cynthia We: Right. No, it's not. It's, it's really. Hmm. There's a big difference when you're printing out a 400 page story when you're not going to be using any color increment printing out a form or big story. Let's just buy a new printer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so this one seems like an interesting one. So we've got a bank and then you said something else. We said the word printer. Is that what you were talking about was the ink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, paper anything in there. She
Can book.
Cynthia We: A ream of paper, a month. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oops I scuzzy
Cynthia We: Then you've got your other stuff. I mean, your supplies and your. That's what I was saying for 124
Cynthia We: Right to just say 120 for the whole shebang.
Cynthia We: But if you haven't added prints or
Cynthia We: Somehow, obviously it's not the same as remote and it's not, you're not buying all that stuff every month, you're not buying a new inventory every Monday. Nope. I knew that is true stuff every month. Right.
Cynthia We: And if you are, you're right. No, it just depends.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you can do is just take an average. I mean, if you just say we can't get too bogged down, we have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, over the last three months. What was the average amount, taking the low
Cynthia We: But when I say one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I just wrote down 173
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that I think that included. Let me see what I've
Cynthia We: Included the ink that I was talking about in the paper and then the clay which is a big expense.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but that's in the 120
Gwenevere Abriel: Crap. Okay, so I want undo that. So here we go. I put 120
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I put plus 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Money for the
Gwenevere Abriel: Black. Black
Cynthia We: Well, maybe I'll just stop it and then it won't be an expense. I'm not stopping
And saying you
Cynthia We: plan on spending more than you. So
Okay, so
T
Plus one, Tony. Okay, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want one was 23 plus
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 I got 173 again. So for business stuff I've got 173
Gwenevere Abriel: That gives a little bit
Cynthia We: Let's try that and
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, you've got actual then you've got this sort of you've got projected then you've got actual and what's the variants. And you can look at that afterwards. But let's let's get some numbers down doing great. Well, as
Cynthia We: Well, under business is
Cynthia We: Photoshop and InDesign design, not the same thing for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not so the 120 doesn't cover the
Gwenevere Abriel: subscription. So what's Photoshop fee.
By
Cynthia We: 20 a month. So I think it's 15 a month and then the InDesign is 20 a month so 35 a month. That's for designing jewelry and photos for your portal. Yeah, maybe it should go under it should go into business probably I
Gwenevere Abriel: So ya know I put business supplies slash we got we got all kinds of stuff in there. We got Photoshop and what was the other program.
Cynthia We: InDesign.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that includes so now I just added it first. I had 173 and I'm adding what 35 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: To away just what I have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else do you guys have that you hadn't heard
Cynthia We: I don't, I just scribble down. I don't have a number for entertainment arts and
Cynthia We: Movies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry I didn't include that. But like, put that
Cynthia We: date nights. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Let me get in here. We'll put
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of fun entertainment already embedded in the internet because I think that included Netflix. Right. I think
Cynthia We: Or not. But ya know, Netflix is part of the TV's
Cynthia We: Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, I'll say cables TV Netflix is part of that. Yeah. OK, now let's go to, um, what do you want to do for entertainment. What do you guys typically do just your, your coffee count is
Cynthia We: How often do you know that's a whole separate category has her own separate category.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, maybe I should put it right next to cigarettes isn't
Cynthia We: Wrong thing to okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll put coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and let's back up to fun. What do we want to do that. What are you already doing that's getting done and nobody's maybe talking about
Cynthia We: Nothing, no we're, we've been living broke from past couple months, but
Cynthia We: So is this word dining out goes the dinners.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's definitely entertainment.
Cynthia We: Well, I also have food and dining restaurants, but I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go entertainment dining out okay because let's face it, we do that for entertainment. Yeah.
Cynthia We: You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it is like spa kind of things special massages nail salon type of things too, so
Cynthia We: Why I'm also right
Cynthia We: Um, I don't get manicures, but that would be included there and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop right there dining and entertainment. Let's just dining. How many times do you go out Mexican Indian child. What are you guys doing
Cynthia We: Well, how many times do we, we like to go out. Well, how many as a whole family. We'd like to go out once a week. Yeah. All four of us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about
Cynthia We: 100 bucks maybe well
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know. We'll start with that that let's be realistic where give me a restaurant where you all have gone you all enjoy
Cynthia We: Well, when were you know valuable and quick. It's all of garden when we're somewhere else. We go to the fancy Italian place, which would be closer to $200 right
Cynthia We: Which send me wants to go to once a week, probably, I do. So I go I could go once a month, and I'd be here. So yeah, I would say, let's say, a mean date nights something different, but I would say
Cynthia We: We plan on going for, you know, once a week to a nice dinner decent dinner family night out that, yeah, call it a 100 bucks. And if you want to add a little bit for a little fancier place one out of those four times.
Because, you know, then you stopped for pizzas all the time and
Yes.
Cynthia We: Well that's separate, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that needs to be part of the dining out. How do you guys feel about that because I'm looking for pizza. And so I mean it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's face it, we could stay home. We could prepare a meal but it's like so nice. The kids love it. Maybe you have a set day. Is it like Friday's pizza night and you don't have to wonder what happened. Yes, something sort of set
Cynthia We: Like during the summer buying stuff to go barbecue at the pool.
Cynthia We: Okay, that's, that's, that's kind of eating out so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: The grocery let's stick with family, the big dinner. Hold on, let me I'm getting lost. We got family dinner where we all go out to an Italian restaurant. How much is that that's once a month. What is that one.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And all of garden is 100 and that one that type is once a week. Is that right. Mm hmm. Okay.
Cynthia We: Except not that that we could
Cynthia We: So that would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that now you both willing to say the week that you do a pizza is that one's taking the place of an evening out at this point is that taking the place of it. No, it's on pizzas pretty cheap, but it's very to you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is it for how much do you spend bringing pizza in
Box not
Cynthia We: 20 bucks. When can we get a piece of central it's $47 really yeah
Cynthia We: Yes. That's a fancy pizza two pizzas and a salad. That's what, that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture picture starts working you're ordering pizza and it's five
Cynthia We: Over one
Cynthia We: If you promised me, which is $25 so I'm going to go to Little Caesars
Gwenevere Abriel: 25 and that's there we go. So we've got 475. Does everybody agree that gets it.
Cynthia We: Next that so that's only once a month for the pizza. Oh, sorry.
Oops.
Cynthia We: So we have 700 for eating.
Out.
Cynthia We: We had 700 for eating out, which I think is crazy number but it included all eating.
Cynthia We: Fast food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's write it down. We got it written. Let's move on. We got it now that doesn't include a date night. Um, I just want to ask you something. What's the number. Here we go. Now I read your
Gwenevere Abriel: Red shirt here your little surveys. I just think this is such a cool inventory, but
Gwenevere Abriel: How comfortable are you saying how much you think you're going to be bringing in just the stable consistent income coming in from Scott. What do you think it will be a month, I wrote, I wrote seven but I made that up. That's random. What do you think it's going to be
Cynthia We: When I well it's gonna be taking home. Well, at least.
Gwenevere Abriel: A month. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just say this. If that's 12,000. What's the number you guys have with with way. I didn't put in the light bulb thing, um,
Cynthia We: We have doctors and oh yeah we all right, man. Dentist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into that, then let's go down here. Let's add
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me add that, how much is how much you're paying for medical on a regular basis.
Cynthia We: Oh, well we divided it up the dentist. Dr. And I care and pharmacy, but you want to combine them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me. Yeah, we have to 75
Cynthia We: So, for once,
Cynthia We: And then I can any that's 270 calls a month. What is Dr.
Brian hurts.
Cynthia We: So I
Cynthia We: So for dentist. I'm sorry for for Dr. We have to 75
Cynthia We: For dentist, the dentist. We have to 14
Cynthia We: That's what he says that's without any that's our regular payment for the dentist that we're on a plan for every month doesn't include any other visits that doesn't include cavities.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so start getting that number one more time. The dentist.
To 14
Cynthia We: I care.
Cynthia We: When
You do that, I guess.
Cynthia We: She's got $30 for I care that can be you and Lola includes me and a little contacts and divided by a year for you. Yeah. Oh, I don't think that's right. It's done. We have pharmacy slash medicine, meaning pharmacy stuff as well as anything, I guess, add bills and
Cynthia We: Stuff like that. We have 150 5% Wait what's for 65 divided by 12 because I think I don't have the right. I think that's an old numbering
Gwenevere Abriel: Force with it so 465 divided by 1238 75
Cynthia We: Okay, so that's our IQ.
Cynthia We: Ah, maybe nine. Yeah, I just say 39 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay dentist to 14 pharmacy.
Cynthia We: Includes all prescriptions cough syrup supplements, because it will do all the supplements. Oh, and Maryland.
Expensive, Maryland.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I have. I got a little overwhelmed here. I got a little nothing for bright heart health. I'm assuming that's embedded somewhere.
Cynthia We: That's embedded in the doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I care 39 dentist to 14 pharmacy 155 medical 275 yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't put anywhere. This battery, but I do have a miscellaneous thing here for $100 which might cover things like that's that Uber. That's that field trip.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how much is your coffee. That's the last thing I see that needs to get plugged in here. Just give me that how much you spent a week.
Cynthia We: 120 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Cynthia We: Both of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay ready
Cynthia We: And then, uh huh. Is this
Cynthia We: Clothing, wait a minute, subscriptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I'm with you.
Cynthia We: It's just all your little internet subscription business stuff is like $40 a month.
Cynthia We: Includes Apple Music
Cynthia We: Clothing.
Search.
Cynthia We: Did you just change that it was 72 I changed it to 100 every month.
Cynthia We: There's four of us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay sub
Cynthia We: Was gonna, I don't think you do that every month. I think you do that when you're working, you do it when kids go back to school. You spend a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Clothing clothing so there's a little disconnect here on the clothing so little, little folks little goodies. They grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. They run in their socks and they get holes new underwear. They, they are kind of stain makers.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we thinking on that. Is there something kind of emotional going on right now. Like I had my head down.
Cynthia We: It used to be 72 for all four of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I will tell you right now, I'm looking at a number that leaves room for 100 okay that
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to freak you out and we'll go back and change it. This number freaks you out.
Cynthia We: What did we did we say anything about entertainment arts and rec
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I put an entertainment and dining, I put 700
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now, like if you had a racquetball membership or golf or something like that, you know, we would want to plug that in. But right now it's it's at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have gym membership. What's that we watch
Cynthia We: Just $33 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, answered.
Cynthia We: Two, three. So where we putting that under
Gwenevere Abriel: I just put Jim I stuck it under dance here. But yeah, I've got this neat little system, I can just type it in as a number of world.
Okay.
Cynthia We: That's all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get an impression, so that we can adjust things now. Now let me just say the number and then let's back up to things that you're like oh now I want to make a change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Okay. So if you say 12 coming in. You guys going out 9219
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have money to play with. Right now, you freaking out. Oh, you can't really
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't believe that never so I
Cynthia We: Basically have to work dead. If I don't take in 100 but don't bring in 120 every year. That's pressure thing that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So, but remember I plug things in just now without your permission I can take them right back out.
Cynthia We: But, but there's also about right though it feels like that's very close to what we actually already, and we were sending everything he made
Gwenevere Abriel: I was plugging in randomly and there's a psychological thing going on right now, which I want to address. But remember, I plugged in squirreling away college 100 a month for one k 100 on savings 100
Gwenevere Abriel: And just for miscellaneous was 100 and I
Cynthia We: Don't think I have. I don't think I have subscription that parts missing, what was that one more time for 48 subscriptions for all you just a little no no stuff where you don't have to guess an apple kids we have 40 you'd like
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's back. Is it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just do this.
Minus nine two.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Room for variance 2741 so
Garden outdoor
Supplies
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we talk a little bit about what just happened like you just got Eric right
Gwenevere Abriel: Overwhelmed
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that notion of remember when you were doing the the inventory
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding that in in your mind for a second and then also right next to it hold
Gwenevere Abriel: The. I don't know whether it was comfort. Remember, I'm making stuff up here, I'm having to pull from just fragments of conversations but I'm just thinking right now hold that in your awareness and then hold this notion of
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy handle it and take care of it that notion of wanting to not notice how uncomfortable it is right now like just, I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to think about it, it's so much pressure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, am I getting close. Scott, like it's a lot of pressure on you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, the reality is, Scott.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And everything is going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this this
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncertainty that you bumped into because your particular career. There isn't just the solid salary that goes on. But the reality is you have handled it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're, you're okay Everything's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's scary. You think, but that means I have to do this. And once we get a, get $1,000 in our pocket. Then we start to think, I got to keep that thousand dollars in my pocket and it messes with our head.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you say this, this stress worrying about the future in this variability is is overwhelming because it's happened just now that just hits you hard. Soon as I said, the number right and send you knew it was going to happen. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we say it's going to be okay. It's gonna it's gonna come in. I mean, what are you going to go do. You're going to go look for a different job. No, you're just gonna just like the rest of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we don't know if we're going to get hit by a bus today. We really don't. Okay, we just, we can't get up in that that mystery of the unknown in the future we stay right here and we say
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my budget. This is what I'm going to do, I'm going to give up. I'm going to go to work. I'm going to get it done. What we're doing today is we're working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The moments in between. When you get scared, Scott.
Gwenevere Abriel: These feelings come up and you're long distance and you're you're somewhere away and this feeling comes up. This is where the therapy comes in handy is how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Manage that welling up of fear and concern and Cindy, right. How will you hold on to yourself and not not doubt that
Gwenevere Abriel: We have the budget be able. This is the therapy right this is the healing. We say, I can, I can hear your stress. I can hear your concern, everything's going to be okay. And this is where we can negotiate.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we going to say to each other so that we don't do it the way we've always been doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clearly have enough money.
Okay, you do
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see, did you notice Scott when you were doing the survey that some things came up. Did you look at it all.
Cynthia We: At all. You have the survey.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was so you said that. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you look at it and having them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get an impression
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And what was your impression of yourself.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It seems
Cynthia We: Sort of. It makes sense and
Cynthia We: Yeah, I mean, it makes more sense than not.
Cynthia We: You know, I can get little issues about you know money worship and no one likes to take them, stuff like that, and this and that. But, um, and, like how some of the things were worded, but it makes sense. I'm like, I came up like my strongest
Cynthia We: Issue category, meaning
Cynthia We: Vigilance wires further inquiry.
Cynthia We: Vigilance that makes perfect sense.
Cynthia We: The lowest money status. I don't have a concern about money status or worries about that. I think that makes sense and the money worship category. A lot of my strong extreme reactions, um,
Cynthia We: It makes sense. I, I guess I have a problem with the money worship, say, I think it's what word worship. Yeah. Maybe he needs mine. Ultimately, I know that description.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I share some summary as far
Cynthia We: He hasn't seen my neither
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So that's what I'll do. Let me do a little a, little a little, little summary on the money vigilance. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's kind of where you had a high point that departed from Cindy and I will tell you there is a lot of overlap. Okay, which could be
Gwenevere Abriel: Also means that it's not complimentary, which means. Oh, great. You enjoyed this role, I don't have to do it. So you guys might be frank, like at a crossroads meaning neither one of you want to be doing this one particular thing. So I don't know, but so let's look at this
Cynthia We: He just said, I'm not vigilant, so it can't be right. I didn't see you know vigilant with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well. I didn't check the numbers. I will be honest, I didn't cross check him so money vigilance.
Gwenevere Abriel: The money different type of person there alert watchful unconcerned about their financial welfare and they believe it's important to save and for people to work for their money and not be given financial handouts. If they can't pay cash for something they won't buy it.
Cynthia We: And then
Cynthia We: Sound like me at all. So why did I score so high.
Cynthia We: We don't completely. Honestly, no, I get a score really high and you start to answer how you think you should be no I didn't. I was very aware
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take it in just these are brand new concepts and i think i think they might be useful. So try it on never remember not nobody is an absolute so you try it on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You keep what's worth keeping. And you just blow the rest away. Okay, just take on what the portion that's true for you. It's just a discussion that maybe you've never had before. And so it's it's it's just a place to them, Depart from I don't get hung up on him. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We covered the cash part if you're so the other thing you want. Let's say if you can't pay cash for something you may not buy it, you're less likely likely to buy on credit
Gwenevere Abriel: So as a result of money vigilant person have higher income and higher net worth. They also bought have a tendency to be anxious and secretive about their financial status with people outside of those closest to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're less likely to lie to their spouse about spending behaviors money vigilance appears to be a protective factor in the money vigilant.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that the money vigilant are significantly less likely to spend compulsively gamble excessively enable others financially and ignore their finances.
Gwenevere Abriel: While such an approach encourages saving and frugality excessive worry Enos, or anxiety could keep someone from enjoying the benefits and sense of security that money can provide
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I, I'm wondering, Scott, what's coming up for you right now. I think I'm imagining a lot. What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: Oh, well, what you read that. That sounds like me, doesn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit, yeah. Yeah. Okay, so let's keep going. So I'm not going to read anything about status that was just like, not a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this money worship, there's this share amount of overlap with you to write if that was of it. There's, there's a there was a high high for both. So let me just read a little bit on now is that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So weird. It's a weird word right you don't think you worship it but whatever it is, the term someone came up with it. So at the core
Gwenevere Abriel: Money worship source are convinced this is this one might hit home for you too. Okay. As I looked at the some of the the scores that you guys wrote, and I want to go into detail with them if we, with our whole two minutes we have
Gwenevere Abriel: So at their core money worshippers are convinced that the key to happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the solution to all their problems is having more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I noticed in one of the notes that you because you guys haven't looked at him. I can show you what you guys scored with is pretty high overlap with you too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this belief that it will bring happiness at the same time they believe that one can never have enough money.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they will never really be able to afford the things they want in life, the tension between believing that more money and the things
Gwenevere Abriel: Will make one happier in the sense that one will never have enough money, Kim resulting chronic overspending in an attempt to buy happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money. We're worshippers are more likely to have lower income lower net worth, and to be trapped in a cycle of revolving credit card debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money worshippers are also more likely to spend impulsively hoard possessions put work ahead of their family relationships, try to ignore or forget about their financial situation give money to others, even though they can't afford it and be financially.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dependent on others. That's a hard one for me to look at that was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy what's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: Well, that sounds more like me than the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I've read about the fact that the statistical analysis of when the belief is that happiness will be driven and is the driving force right that the money is the driving force, it isn't actually the result. So that might really slap you in the face. It doesn't. It doesn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you end up coming to me and you say, you know what, we took some time and we reflected back on on when because I've been with your minutes Andy Right. And there was income coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it a happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was everything. Okay. Is it right
Cynthia We: I know that money yeah I know that money doesn't
Cynthia We: Make you happy in that you can watch it. Yeah, I know that money doesn't isn't the sole
Cynthia We: Reason that people are happy. But I think that it makes us worry less
Cynthia We: And makes us fight last. Well, no, it doesn't make us
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been with this. I've been reading
Gwenevere Abriel: This reality check. And so this is stuff that's very complicated because it can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Power, it can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, what about if it's freedom to use substances. I don't want the free will. I say, I want the freedom, but what if I have it. What will I do
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand this is complicated. I think being really gentle and compassionate about it is the way to go. This is powerful stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me tell you a couple things that I signed on to this. Did you know that both of you said you feel strongly about this and Scott, maybe you don't know those things would get better if I had more money, both of you said, I strongly agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of you you both believe that remember what I just covered, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going. Another one important on on a high score more money will make you happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great you agreed. And in fact, that one's actually spot on both of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spot on. Cindy, it is wrong to ask others how much money they have. And I wondered if it was okay to talk about it in here. So the
Gwenevere Abriel: Difference in here to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah but but it has to do with this possible shame piece right it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that means if I don't have it, then I'm what right if I could you know it's it's a changing things we got to see how it affects the self concept. And did you know, Cindy that Scott wrote more money will make you happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of you, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to be poor and happy.
Cynthia We: Well, said that, yes, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Agree. Go ahead, Scott.
Cynthia We: Which one was that that you just read more money will make you happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get to it. Yeah. Next six
Gwenevere Abriel: She writes
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so interesting, like put agree.
Cynthia We: Not strongly agree but agreed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, sir. Both of you did, yeah.
Cynthia We: I mean my belief is is more in line with the money buys freedom.
Cynthia We: That one that's freedom, more than happiness freedom.
And and if
Gwenevere Abriel: You put in fact you put strongly agree, what do you think your wife, but
For freedom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would assume close to the same she did.
Cynthia We: She know we've had that conversation. Many times we both don't think that advise you, if you can't buy happiness. We both know that there's a lot of unhappy millionaires out there and there's happy homeless people out there. But generally speaking,
Cynthia We: In my opinion, it buys a less stressful life doesn't guarantee it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's
Cynthia We: Walk and talk without being on edge and stressed out and anxious all the time if I if I had a decent bank account. I feel my personality would be different. Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree, it
Cynthia We: Doesn't mean we wouldn't argue doesn't mean no other issue, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like we're heading in that direction that at least doing this is moving in the correct direction, of course. Okay, so there's also some departures. Are you interested in where there's some recent departures kind of significant significant ones. I thought, let's look at 28
Gwenevere Abriel: You should always look for the best deal before buying something, even if it takes more time really strongly. Well, you knew that was coming Sunday, right. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I remember hearing you that it's it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm driving a particular place like that extra effort piece in there and there was this discussion about, well, then he might take over this role, but can he do that role. Once he's working so it's there. It's there Kevin forgotten that that was a sticky point. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe being able to say the nuance of of the price point of what that differences and the impact that it may have on quality of life time spent with kids being able to prepare the dinner, there might actually be a value.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's a little bit more intangible to grab that we could sit down and we can pinpoint but
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, Cindy for you. It's you disagree a little right you have you have your, your, sort of register a little different than than he does. So let me look at another one that's interesting here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was kind of a departure 35
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see 35. What did you do, you said agree a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay, let's see 3535 it is okay to keep secrets from your
Gwenevere Abriel: Partner around money.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Scott, you said strongly disagree strongly disagree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this at the heart of what's going on right there.
Cynthia We: The thing. It's a big trust issue.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's
Cynthia We: You know, very damaging trust issue.
Um,
Cynthia We: I don't know about keeping i don't think secrets is the right way to say that. But I don't think that Scott needs to know every time I spent $24 on lip gloss.
Cynthia We: You know, like I feel like there are some things that are personal and
Cynthia We: I might. I might have it. I have a different value that I placed different value on this than he does. And I know that, and I don't want to upset him like so. So he just it's it falls under the realm of none of his business. I think
Cynthia We: For manicures he freaked
Cynthia We: Out if I went and spent money on manicure. Notice it was in the budget.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just generic so wait
Cynthia We: The nuts. Just don't have Mad Money, we don't have Mad Money category.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 $700 sitting here with no place to go right now.
Cynthia We: Well, well.
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But look at what's going on. This is the stuff right now that you'll end up repeating the same things.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tension will show up. You're going to say, I don't want to have to answer to, to where I just spent that something inside of you happens, Cindy. Something happens like I'm not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it's personal. And I don't know if that's a piece of the shame piece, like, then I have to hear you don't deserve lip gloss. You don't deserve a manicure to treat
Cynthia We: Because we're not working. So you shouldn't like that's all it's all in my own head. It's not necessarily what you're saying, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where the disconnect happens so it can change, like, on one hand we're saying we're going to, we're going to stick to a budget, but other things need to be going on to around around the communication and a change in
Gwenevere Abriel: The meaning that you make when feelings come up the meaning that each of you make when you hear something that thing's
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta do it differently. We've got to change the filter. And that's the work that's that couples therapy piece right I've gotta gotta shift that
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the end goal is what, why are you guys bothering to to do this. Why are we meeting here today. What's really the destiny, the destination. Rather, what are we doing
Cynthia We: To make our life more peaceful
Because I think we would like to stay together.
Cynthia We: To be more on the same page with everything. Same page. Well, that's a general thing, like you said. But yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me stop there with the same page. Same page. Now, you, you, I assume you accept that your belief systems and you can see it in here. They there is no possible way you didn't grow up in the same household
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just impossible to have the same value system even in the same family. There's going to be people in their life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to be off even even siblings, etc. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you accept that there is a page that it's this generous sort of gift where you say this is an important thing for Cindy that she had this discretionary piece where she doesn't have this fusion this invasion this inquiry into for whatever reasons and you just sort of gently say
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's come to her thing. And I want to show her loving kindness and I won't, I won't go in that. Right. That's a boundary thing. Let's call it that, and the other way around. Cindy is
Gwenevere Abriel: To generously be looking at him and be saying he's worried the pressure is on him 12,000 9000 even seven even five is up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of pressure. And so you do that for him to new gently sort of say, Man, I get that pressure and that must be hard and you don't turn it into anything else you lovingly acknowledge that this person has this pressure this this thing, the same way if you have your thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you saw is that kind of seemed like we could work on doing those also
Cynthia We: Go. Oh, yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get I hear it. I hear the trust thing I hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do
Cynthia We: It's, um, I have a
Cynthia We: I don't feel great when
Cynthia We: When my concern for budget or what spent or my surprise, it's something that's spent that I didn't know about. And it's not just a
Cynthia We: As easy and smaller private pops up a lot when I'm surprised with things and sometimes in the strangest moments of
Cynthia We: Being broke crazy things pop up and things like that in the past but i just i have
Cynthia We: I understand, having some of your own things that you would do that I may not think are necessarily whatever's but I guess I don't like that every inquiry. I make
Cynthia We: Is categorized as an invasion of privacy or I'm being controlling
Cynthia We: It sounds like it when you say, oh, I don't think he has to know that I bought lip gloss.
Cynthia We: And I really don't.
Cynthia We: But I am we're doing a budget and
Cynthia We: It's since I have everything on the table, kind of thing is cool if you want. If you have an accurate budget right it's math.
Cynthia We: Um, if you just glob of a group and say, hey, this is your personal discretionary spending. It's 100 bucks blind. Well, then maybe talk about something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of you would have it, but there's something also about, you know, remember I was talking about last time. Is this the time for, you know, organic homemade pasta or is it a time to kind of pull in a little bit. It's changed, obviously. But, um, but this this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I haven't heard from from either one of you that there is an ism like a shopping addiction kind of thing going on here. I'm not hearing this someone's a gambler. I'm not hearing the big issue that could just do real like who can really
Cynthia We: Like that. I think that
Cynthia We: We all know that I have gone on retail therapy binges
Cynthia We: So, so
Cynthia We: I am a diamond member at ultra
Cynthia We: This year for the first time ever.
Cynthia We: Which is very exciting because I get a whole bunch of benefits, but it's also
Cynthia We: Awful that I spent so much money also that I'm a diamond.
Cynthia We: Well, you know, if everything's fine and dandy.
Cynthia We: Well, it was fine and dandy for the last year. That's why I'm
Cynthia We: Not if you don't have anything saved it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So how come I don't have that on this this list. The what he just said is that on here helping me
Cynthia We: We don't have enough but we didn't give him. We didn't talk about that category.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about it.
Cynthia We: I didn't know if you were trying to say shampoo and stuff falls under home supply
Cynthia We: I didn't say
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot. I'm going to put a
Gwenevere Abriel: We call this self.
Cynthia We: Care mad care people care or health and beauty. Okay, it's not care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for you. I'm insert I think each of you need to have some sort of discretionary
Cynthia We: Yes. Because Scott should get massages. Then he could use that money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you know okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got Scott
Cynthia We: He doesn't believe like
Cynthia We: He has the money to do these things self care thing first thing off my list when I'm
Cynthia We: That kind of thing. But we're not talking about when we're
Cynthia We: Talking about regularly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have how much. So let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure this out. Remember, we have right now 2700 that doesn't have a place to go. So what do you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: For city discretion Scott discretion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Cindy. This is the crux of it. Let me just throw this out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no I deserve. There's none of it. It's just this. It's, I made a commitment. I'm going to spend this that includes sitting with the discomfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of not being able to go and do more. It's a commitment to doing it not, I deserve. It's just, it's just that might be really uncomfortable, but that I think is what might be going on right now is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the piece you stick with it. You honor that he's right. We just said he's kind of that visualizing part. He's looking. He's anxious acknowledging it and respecting it
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not enjoying that anxiety, you're not enjoying not being able to go have these sort of maybe luxury self care whatever pamper things. Also, if you are uncomfortable. It's not like one of you is just to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know it's going to be uncomfortable for both of you here and there. Okay, so let's be honest and talk about what you can do, Cindy. It's both a stretch and
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to experience himself growth and same with you, Scott. I mean, self care. I mean, I guess, you know, maybe I'm used to preach in it to my clients, it is important that we have some fun and we treat our bodies nicely.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we enjoy notice. Remember when you were reading when I was telling you that they don't get to enjoy the benefit of the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Geez, did you hear any of that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That along the way this this
Gwenevere Abriel: Standard of living isn't enjoy
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a talented man who gets to be in his field and is a really good provider for his family. You get to enjoy it. I want you to enjoy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Cynthia We: I don't know. I'm trying to balance out whether I would enjoy
Cynthia We: I mean, I know if she's perfect life, I'd have be able to enjoy things at times for hobbies, which I don't do or don't have. I don't have that personal time but
Cynthia We: I'm trying to figure out if but what's worth more to me having a bigger savings account and the security and the stability of the future and walking around competent with that. Or I'm having a massage every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And that is definitely your choice that is not Cindy's, you don't have to. Neither one of you have to agree on. This is it. This is this money makes me feel good. I don't want to hear your crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one makes me feel good. I don't want to hear your crap, right, we get to do that and it's beautiful. You guys are different, and it is where this nice compatibility comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so she brings to this ability to be a reminder of being in the moment and enjoying sort of these things that life has to offer being present.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he gets to bring this concept of security to this relationship, Cindy. That is probably pretty convenient. So the home isn't lost and everything. We get to him for this tuition is beautiful. This compatibility. It's not ugly. It's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's it. When you own that. And that's your truth. And for a while for you. It's, I want to have $10,000 sitting in savings and and then I then I'll start plugging in a hobbies. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. Thanks. Let's get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do, how much do you want for you just, this is your discretion extra squirreling I call it extra saving extra, you know, what do you want to do indulge in what you want. What is it,
Cynthia We: What you're asking me what I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you want, save that you would give yourself. Notice how you said, I don't have any personal time and I don't do my hobbies that might give yourself permission to start to do them.
Cynthia We: I don't, I would assume somewhere between 1500 bucks a month. Okay, got it. What, what, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Know for
Cynthia We: This I just went
Cynthia We: What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Scott are you worried that that number is too high and
Cynthia We: Low. That's my. No, I mean that
Cynthia We: You know,
Cynthia We: I'm thinking there's gonna be a lot of adjustments, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's okay, we just said this 27 floating around, that's just fine, but
Cynthia We: But I
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Cynthia We: I need to tell you that I want to say more than 27
Cynthia We: And, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you send you say it, but that's why we're here. And there's nothing shameful about it this. I hope this inventory has been useful that you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is this is who we are. What are we going to try and pretend this isn't who we are. This is what
Cynthia We: We do. Yeah. Well, some of these things are newer and are they are. We didn't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna, we're gonna we're going to keep going here. So now hold that we're going to come back to this number and ado, I'm going to have you guys talking to each other in a second. I think it's important, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before he said a number. How much did you want for you know
Cynthia We: 400 a month. Okay.
Cynthia We: Oh, whoa, and it would include manicures and it would include my $24 lip gloss and, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So right now, when I just now. Again, I don't have this is one little limbo place. I don't have like this light bulb category, but I'm pretty sure we've done a pretty thorough job, I must say.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just tell you what what just happened with our number. Okay, um,
Yeah, then let's see if we can get you guys talking to each other here.
GUYS ARE DOING GREAT LITTLE separately.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just put it in, don't ask, don't tell me alone. Let me just do my thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you guys doing
Cynthia We: Oh, I just was thinking beauty.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I put I I just did. Cindy discretion Scott discretion. Okay, where there's no answering to it. It's just cash it take out and then I want to hear. Ba ba ba ba ba ba. It's just leave me alone. Don't ask me alone. I'm an independent person right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Our
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. We're going to talk to each other, but I just want to tell you what number we're at
Cynthia We: So did we put in 400
I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I put 1500 for Scott there's $841 left now.
Gwenevere Abriel: 320 700 minus i just took the 1500 and I gave it to you for discretion.
Cynthia We: Oh. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now there's 800. Now I want to talk about $841 right what was, what
Cynthia We: Were you getting this I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, hold on, hold on, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what I did come on 2700 700 a week until nine is working.
Cynthia We: Certainly not where he's not working.
Cynthia We: Then I could get by on 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sorry. We have 1200 left one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I've got 1200 I've got $1,200
Gwenevere Abriel: And now this right now. It's at Member there's little bits going college 401K. Those were, you know, you can set those up and blah, blah, blah, blah, which might add to your sense of security Scott also because you can't grab them back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right now there's 1200 dollars and Mike, you guys are with me on that one. That is still not allocated Cindy, I can
I can
Cynthia We: I can make that smaller
Cynthia We: What do you mean, I mean, I don't have to have 100 a week. Oh, when he's not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well on there's 1200 available right now.
Cynthia We: But that's not enough to say when you don't work sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys like this budget so far. Does it seem realistic where you indulge in some
Cynthia We: Very realistic but it's not what what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, you want saving anything
Cynthia We: I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to feel good, it's going to feel good. You're going to see it go up, you're going to see it go up. So let's do one more piece, you guys are doing great. You're so brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk about the 1200 dollars, Cindy. You guys face each other face each other, Cindy. I want you to tell him the truth about this 1200 dollars. I want to keep it. I want to just stick it in an envelope. Once you tell him what you want to do with this extra 1200 dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now allocated.
Cynthia We: Tell them in savings that we do not cut a separate account far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Scott, let's use the mirroring skill share with her. What you just heard if I hear you correctly, you want this 1200 dollars to go into savings that we can't touch that it's in a
Gwenevere Abriel: In a savings that you know you'll be penalized if you take it up to some
Cynthia We: Yes, well, you didn't say that you I didn't say that, because I think it should be our emergency fund first. So when work is not happening. And then
Cynthia We: Why did we put it in that kind of okay so you said that you thought we were
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to get I'm going to write it be neat. Yeah, I'm an emergency fund. Sorry, Scott. I do think something needs to be in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into how much cash should be just floating around for sitting in a in a checking you want 500 sitting there. You want 1000. What do you think for just floating I've wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens to you around 500 Scotty you getting panicked what's happening.
Cynthia We: Well, I think we're at a money.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have the 1200 allocated so I can pull from there. Well,
Okay.
Cynthia We: So we're talking about putting whatever's left into a place we can't touch. Is that what you're saying, no, I'm trying to, I'm not saying, well, I have some in the checking account.
Cynthia We: That you can touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you what I've done, because I'm over here, doing things and you know if you can hold what you guys know what I'm doing here. So what I just did is I added another spot and I just said this is the stuff. It just sits floating in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting in the checking hands off watch
Cynthia We: Well, I don't think that's possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, watch hands off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because in an envelope whatever is cash Cindy's going to do this, whatever she's in charge of it. Let's just go with me on this. And then at the end of the month.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a conversation. What do you do with that as a rollover if it's actually 600 volt. Let's grab that we have an agreement, an extra 100 is going to be sent over over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense. So you always want to keep 500 in the checking. Are we on the same page. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. It doesn't drop below that if an emergency happens. This is how it might go if it's not on your list of emergency like going into urgent care then for every hundred dollars you wait a day and you talk to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happens when I say that that $500
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. If it's not emergent and they're really, you know, it's not some sale that's ending and you can really sort of get behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to think about whether this is an impulse buy for every hundred dollars. Let's wait a day and really see if this is something that we want to spend
Gwenevere Abriel: If you guys say that's kind of weird kind of random, but let's do it. That might increase once you say we're going to do this thing. Now, the pressure and the insults and all of that on one another kind of goes around
Gwenevere Abriel: 500 stays there. Something cool happens. Ooh, there's this neat play. Oh my gosh, there's someone we both love that's coming into town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys are going to talk about it. Right. It's going to be a $250 ticket fee or something. Well, what do you guys thinking you're going to take at least a couple days to talk about it, think about it and share your values around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well as I'm saying that is an idea. What do you guys think and
Cynthia We: I think it's a great idea. I think Scott probably believes that I won't do. Oh yeah, I think it's a good idea if it's stuck to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to know right now on to change the number two 700
Gwenevere Abriel: Was 1200 up just changed it. Now I got $700 floating around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I'm Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn towards your husband and you were about to tell him you were about to tell her. Okay, so you you're okay with this 700 central part anymore. Going to savings that we can't get our hands on. Is that, is that okay, Cindy that you
Cynthia We: Know it I'm okay with that 700 going to savings that we can't cut
Gwenevere Abriel: In addition, now
Gwenevere Abriel: He had 1500 that he gets to lock up in a CD for six months, three months, whatever he wants to do. That's his business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can't touch those because they're
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: In addition, so we're going to change his number Sabrina changed 1500 to
Gwenevere Abriel: 2200
Every month
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to put away. Is that okay
Cynthia We: So that's my discretionary money, saying, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that feel better.
Cynthia We: Of course,
Cynthia We: I mean, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, look at him and tell him, will you be able to do
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: You gave yourself 400 later. Are you going to say how could you it's not fares are going to be out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's not for him and he's going to put it in savings.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that, right, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he needs it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, tolerance, okay for security. It's not the same as yours. You have ability just sort of maybe compartmentalize easier. You can see something in the moment you can be really present with it right here. He doesn't have that same thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You agree.
Cynthia We: With that
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: It'd be upset that I'm not feeling the same way that I don't want to save my discretionary money. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's check that out. All right. Let's find out. So ask them a direct question I'm right here look at each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at each other, asked asking your question.
Cynthia We: Do you believe that I
Cynthia We: should save my money. Let's save my money to my discretionary money goes up to you.
Will you have an opinion about me. If I go
Cynthia We: A bad word. Yeah, we'd be mad if I don't say that.
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: Woody what
Cynthia We: Do you believe that I can stay in that amount of money.
Cynthia We: $400 of just whatever a month. When am I just not a week. It's a month. Yeah. Do you think you should easily be to stay in that
Cynthia We: I think it could be less. But if you know, whatever. Um,
Cynthia We: I think it could be less stupid. I want to succeed. Now I can see me so that I do not
Gwenevere Abriel: Write me just so key.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep in mind, Scott, you were doing zero you're about to do 2200 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have 26
But you're going to have a chunk of change here in a minute. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money hundred times 12 $26,000
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And we can look at this again after month, we can say what what worked, what didn't work, you may end up having more money. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you already are not not doing anything. And now you've been allowing all of this arguing to exist where now reboot do it differently. We're in here trying to uncover the dynamics that are going on here but $26,000
Gwenevere Abriel: That would get you to two months of squishy buffer. After one year, we give you a little bit of breathing room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And you can continue to build
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're doing other monies. Okay. It's not like $400 is just look what Cindy is going to be holding money for coffee cigarettes. She's going to be holding money for gift. She's going to be holding money for
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh this Photoshop InDesign supplies. It's not like Cindy's only spending 400 on all of the kids know there's money already for clothing. This is about Cindy Cindy's THIS THIS WOMAN WHO WANTS so sparkle thing that just enjoys
Gwenevere Abriel: Being
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants to go to. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something. Scott, do you feel proud of the fact that you've created a lifestyle that gives her a chance to do that.
Cynthia We: Well yeah i wish i always wish I could do more. I always wish she could do more.
Cynthia We: I just in the mentality of been in the mentality. It's been so rough
Cynthia We: Even when I'm working in and not saving enough that
Cynthia We: And then when we're not working and stuff that I were just, I'm like, we should be down in the trenches, you should be sacrificing we should be probably and I wish it wasn't like that, but that's how I feel. It has been so
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm, I'm, I
Cynthia We: happy wife, happy life right
Cynthia We: Yes, I would like to
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know whether we really believe each other.
Cynthia We: I totally believe what he's saying. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell him that you want some black and say, You know what, Scott. Let me see if I get this. You look right out of a mirror him. Here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how to do that.
Cynthia We: Yeah, so, um,
Cynthia We: What I heard you say is that you
Cynthia We: sort of feel proud that you've created this life for us, but I don't actually I don't believe that. I don't believe it, but I don't believe that you believe that your
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, deep breath.
Cynthia We: Proud, I don't
Cynthia We: I am so happy that
Cynthia We: That we have this house every have these things and the kids are comfortable and and we have all all this stuff. Like I feel like you've really really kicked ass and
Cynthia We: provided all of this stuff for your family on your own. I have not contributed. Um, and
Cynthia We: I'm so proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are you letting that in Scott
Cynthia We: Yeah, a little bit i i'm whether it's right or wrong. I'm automatically thinking of things that have been said that haven't been along those lines.
Cynthia We: Complaints about how we live complaints about. We don't have
Cynthia We: That has happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, I know.
Cynthia We: Many feel like crap, this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good one, because I'm how the dynamics between you two right
Cynthia We: He often says that, oh, most women get to do this. Most women get to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy hold space for him. You can do it. You're doing great, you just shared something really
Cynthia We: Makes me feel crappy that I'm not getting what she really wants and she wants more. And Jen. Because yes, I understand. I'm asking you to get down in the trenches sometime, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me let me, let me say something, it could be. And I want to slow down, because if we go this fast. There'll be nothing productive. It'll feel like what you guys are always doing so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back, look at each other. I've Cindy, I want you to say it concisely again what you're grateful for and we're just going to slow this down so it has an impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Scott, you're going to mirror and mirror it just remembering it. Let me see if I get this straight, you're grateful to me for making possible as home and and and this lifestyle and
Cynthia We: I, I am
grateful that you
Cynthia We: Have
Cynthia We: Provided this home this House and that we can send our kids to private school and the kids all the stuff I'm
Cynthia We: Proud of you. And I'm grateful for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere that back just so she knows you heard her not a different story line and you're
Cynthia We: Grateful that that I've been able to provide to this house, the house and then we can we do that the kids get to do what they want to do and
Gwenevere Abriel: That tuition.
Cynthia We: And then the private school can can happen.
Cynthia We: Great, and you're out.
Gwenevere Abriel: There and I get that right.
Is there more
Cynthia We: More
Cynthia We: I do
Cynthia We: Wish
Cynthia We: That you could see
Cynthia We: That how much you get enough
Cynthia We: That you would feel proud of yourself.
Cynthia We: Writing
One.
Cynthia We: Thing you wish that I could see
How much
Cynthia We: Longer
Cynthia We: Wish I could feel my school you are really like I
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so you didn't quite do it. Scott, you look at, like she was trying to tell you something. And you scratched and you're like, we're out something's going on. It's hard to hear that well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want you to feel that look right at him. I want you to
Cynthia We: Do to feel that proud of yourself and and
Cynthia We: I want you to see all you you've given us instead of seeing the negatives to see
Cynthia We: How much we have
Cynthia We: And how successful you are
Cynthia We: Let me see.
How proud you are
Cynthia We: What's your plan need to feel that, oh man, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're going to hold space for him, Cindy. So Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever is coming up right now, whatever's going on we're going to flip it. She's going to mirror you it's not a regular argument, kind of thing. So what's coming up for you and to share with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on, just kind of thoughts and feelings, just in small chunks, because she's going to need to Maryland deal
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: About that. Yeah. How do you feel about what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wait a minute, anything. It's the basics that are going on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm some of the big ones. I mean, let's take this time and share with her one of your big concerns or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to be just response to what you said.
Cynthia We: Why do you believe
Cynthia We: Like I said,
Cynthia We: It feels like something that you said in therapy what normally said
Gwenevere Abriel: That back
Cynthia We: I know we're gonna have to go that feels like something I would say in therapy, not something that I wouldn't want
Cynthia We: To get that thing.
Cynthia We: That doesn't mean it's not true.
Cynthia We: Well, I guess.
Cynthia We: Is it nitpicky we say I want
Cynthia We: To be nice.
Cynthia We: If you realize that
Cynthia We: For sure that
gratefulness, I guess.
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not let me help you. Come here. We're going to what I call gossip. So you're not going to talk for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'd like you to do is this other structure which is I want you to do the I feel, I feel less than hurt worthless, whatever your truth as you plug that in. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Ashamed guilty, whatever it is you plug it not emotion word when I hear you say, well, other women have this and other people are doing, be specific on something you heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, last week, last month, last year, whatever it is, it really represents this
Gwenevere Abriel: This this disconnect that's happening, you have one in your head.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: Generally, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Benefits specific because you have one earlier.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz I don't know how you feel, either. I'd be curious to have that out loud and see
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to guess.
Cynthia We: When, when you expressed to me that you don't have what other women have or
Cynthia We: Um, or what you
Cynthia We: Believe you should have in regards to
Cynthia We: Well, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You flipped it around. So we've got the the because part, but we don't have as the front end. So between you and I. What's the emotion that you experience when you hear well I don't have the stuff that other women have well
Cynthia We: It's
Cynthia We: It's it's frustration and a little bit of anger.
Cynthia We: But underneath it. It's. It makes me feel bad. It makes you feel like less of a provider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get more specific. You're almost there. If you're less of a provider, right, because right we got frustration and anger. That's how we protect the underbelly stuff that you're about to tell me what it is, if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling not like a provider and you are working really hard and sacrificing in your life. What's the emotion under their
Cynthia We: Sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. Now we've got the structure
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to say this to her now. I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I hear you say that you you don't have the things that other women have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now it's going to be your own thing, obviously, but just look at her. This is a hard thing to say.
Cynthia We: Well, when you express that you don't have the other things that more things or things that you feel you deserve that you don't have it makes me feel sad.
On
Gwenevere Abriel: Try it one more time at this to see if you can actually look at her. I've been noticing.
Cynthia We: It also makes me feel
Cynthia We: Something I don't want to feel it makes me feel that
I don't
Cynthia We: Know it makes me feel about her and I don't like it. And I don't want it.
Cynthia We: You know, I feel something, some sometimes we say that it's selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but we thought to get those words out to understand because she may already have those about herself at times, right, because earlier. She was you were probably alluding to. Do you think I'm selfish when I spend my $400 it was already there. What can we talk about it.
Cynthia We: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a name it. We've got to stay. These
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. Scott, because you're sacrificing right. That makes sense, that has real logic. Let's get there, but we're let's get through this one first. You're almost there. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: When we go with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if, if the interpretation is she's being selfish. Watch. Let's walk it back. Let's do the same structure. Again, Scott between you and I, we're going to work this out.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see her being we're not going to put it in question being selfish Varun interpreted it right it's that's what you're the meaning you see her being selfish. How do you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know. The first one is going to be anger, but there's more under that
Cynthia We: I'm frustrated. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Bigger than frustrated
Cynthia We: Well, I don't know, because I, I don't want to feel she's selfish and turn into a big mess because then I feel at this little feeling like always, is my wife being selfish and that's a sad feeling to or and we're not uncommon ground with these things. So it's a I'm giving up i'm i'm
Cynthia We: Helpless
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting somewhere. Okay.
Cynthia We: Like it. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Cynthia We: Just throw my arms in the air and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's try this one. You and I are just going to gossip then we'll then we'll look her in the eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel helpless. When I see you saying things that I interpreted as a selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel helpless. When I see some things you do or say and
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel helpless. That, I think, I think it really getting somewhere with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see how you do. If you actually look at her. It's bypassed the whole I shouldn't feel that way about my wife just bypass that one. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah, well,
Cynthia We: When we get into this, or when you say these certain things.
It's
Cynthia We: Ultimately feel helpless.
Cynthia We: I feel like there's no
Cynthia We: I'm worried that there's no real solution. And I have to live with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I gotta live whatever's in front of me.
Know,
Cynthia We: resigned to resign resigned my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it this Scott I feel helpless. When I hear you say you don't have these things that other women have because I'm providing money, but it seems like you're spending it in ways I don't understand is that are we getting somewhere with that one.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we
Gwenevere Abriel: go nice and quiet go inside really reflect on what I just did. But you need to make it your truth.
Cynthia We: Well, what you just said was, um,
Cynthia We: About understanding how she spends right
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring true to that feel like there was some truth in that for you.
Cynthia We: Well, yeah, it seems like a different thing, we're talking about. Or maybe not. Um,
Cynthia We: I don't know when you say that I think the spending habits. I don't understand when we're in a certain situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that the behavior that is selfish.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting somewhere. So go inside, close your eyes for just a second, make it your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the structure really helps. I gotta tell you, so try it on. Just, I know it feels artificial perhaps I feel helpless. When I see money being spent here it and I interpret it is selfish and you're complaining, you don't have enough, but I see you spending money and it looks selfish.
feel helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's a lot. Just try and make it nice and concise, but she's gonna have to
Cynthia We: Understand when
You
Cynthia We: Wait, or
Cynthia We: Have a hard time expressing how I just
Cynthia We: I feel like I'm
Cynthia We: I'm always on the side of the argument like I'm always on the side of
Cynthia We: The issue of
Cynthia We: I'm
Confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, where the money.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and I
feel helpless.
Cynthia We: I feel there's a lot of
Cynthia We: Hurtful spending in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hurtful like she's trying to hurt you.
Cynthia We: Well, I think there's been revenge spending issues.
Cynthia We: Like revenge against revenge, but
Cynthia We: When she perceives me as controlling when she perceives me is
Cynthia We: badgering about everything she will go and do twice as much and it feels like rebellion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're almost there. We I think we can get there. I think we can get to that. So Scott. One more time. I know it's asking a lot. It may seem repetitive.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your wife hasn't contained and held gently and carefully what you're talking about. And I think it's important that you guys do that for each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel, and you could list out a few of those emotion words because it's a complicated one, because I've got some here okay plus
Gwenevere Abriel: When I hear you do this or I see you do that nice and tight, nice and short so she can mirror back to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, look at her, because this is this is where we really get to feel the truth. And what we're saying. And how hard it is that we are feeling it. When we look into each other's eyes. It's hard.
I feel helpless. When you do
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard. I know I told you.
What
Cynthia We: Was things. And when you spend money on things that are
Cynthia We: That I perceived as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or frivolous. What's the word
Cynthia We: Necessary. Okay.
Cynthia We: When we're going to
Cynthia We: More necessary place or when we make commitments to each other.
Cynthia We: Or when we've talked about things and and
Cynthia We: And agreed on things. It's very frustrating.
Cynthia We: And that is ultimately your health is feeling
Cynthia We: Because I can't say anything or doing the right because if I want to talk to you about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright that was long
Gwenevere Abriel: So it is harder to mirror back long ones like that. So I can either
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask to say it again, more concisely, or you and I can gossip Cindy and I can help you say
Cynthia We: The real feeling the base feeling helpless. I'm living in helplessness financial
Gwenevere Abriel: When I see you spending on things that are unnecessary and they go against an agreement. I thought we had period when it so
Cynthia We: I feel completely
Cynthia We: spending money on things that we in ways that we agreed not to and you're doing
When you spend
Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So frivolous. It has to do with, I don't want to deviate too far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, is what I said. Getting it Scott did that get
Gwenevere Abriel: That example because then that got it. I feel completely helpless. When you spend money on things that I believe are unnecessary and that are in opposite of what I thought we agreed on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that get it. Scott, yes. Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep breath Sunday. You're doing, you're doing a beautiful thing holding this and listen to me and mirror doesn't sit there and
Gwenevere Abriel: It just
Cynthia We: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: He bought this girl.
Cynthia We: Huh, you feel helpless completely helpless completely helpless. When you see me spending money on things that you believe are unnecessary.
Cynthia We: And that you believe go against any agreement we have for spending and what we started this conversation with was that you feel helpless. When I say I don't have things other women.
Yes. Did I get that.
Cynthia We: And I get that get that right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more. Is there more
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there is. Then
Cynthia We: No, you got it.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you believe that she understands
Gwenevere Abriel: The degree of distress.
Cynthia We: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That concept of complete helplessness, is that the part you don't think she really rocks.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I don't think
Cynthia We: I don't think she grasp how sad it makes me
Cynthia We: How stressful. The helplessness is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. We're that accident.
Cynthia We: You don't think I get how helpless. You feel and how stressed out. It makes you. Did I get that right.
Cynthia We: How
Cynthia We: How that level of helplessness.
Cynthia We: How stressful. That makes my life.
Cynthia We: You don't feel that I understand how that level of helplessness. How stressful that make sure like I get that, no.
No.
Cynthia We: Yes, it's more
Cynthia We: What I'm going to kill him in a second. Can I just pause and think about that real quick.
Cynthia We: Shower now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes.
Cynthia We: And we have to save a minute.
Cynthia We: I don't want
Cynthia We: Well then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys
Know,
Cynthia We: Which means he doesn't want to go to India.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so a couple of things are happening. We're way, way, way, way over, I'm and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm liking what you guys are doing. I'm liking that you guys are talking, honestly, you're getting to those like
Gwenevere Abriel: Words like I see you a selfish. Well, maybe I am selfish isn't really okay to be selfish and what's the degree of selfishness and really having a quality of life, like where is that line. This is good stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Think about it. Because what you're risking, right now, Scott is that that Cindy shame blows up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Righteousness and indignation could be here and it could just be just this huge thing, but I'm not seeing you do that right now, Cindy. I'm seeing you sit there and I hope, what's going through your head is
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a gift. The ability to be able to enjoy pretty shiny things and enjoy it as a gift, your husband. Can't do that right now, but he is sacrificing a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys can you actually have the space in there to be able to really, really have a beautiful moment and I, you're so close. Okay, there can't be self-reproach
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are just, you have a different need a different capability, a different just a different way of meeting any minute. In the day or, you know, your mind goes over here. It's not bad either one of you are bad when you shake up all all of this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to come down to, how did we negotiate this together. Did we do it with loving kindness. Did I appreciate what's unique about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did we do this as a family, am I proud of what we did, am I proud of my part. Did I hold on to myself, and you really hold the space for another
Gwenevere Abriel: How will you do this, you know, I think you're very close to being able to to get somewhere really meaningful and start to get into whether it's behavior requests or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for example, Sydney you held some big stuff for him today. What are you gonna do with this. What are you gonna do with it.
Cynthia We: Um, well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I didn't flip it right. I didn't, I didn't get a chance for him to hold what's going on for you.
Cynthia We: I'm not gonna say shitty things. I don't mean anymore when I'm
Cynthia We: Feeling defensive
Cynthia We: Which I think is what of this conversation started off as shit that I've said in response to you, trying to control what I said or try it not believing what I spend money is important and I get defensive
Cynthia We: And I say things I say whatever I can.
Cynthia We: Make it go away. Right. But to understand that you feel those things like really deeply record. It really hurts you is don't feel that I don't care how many fucking shoes. I have
Cynthia We: It doesn't matter to me and you know that about me. I think
Cynthia We: So I thought you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Well, I wish I was there because I think what I would be asking you guys to be doing is is adding a piece. And I don't know how much, how much just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just basic contact you guys have. Is there any way that you guys could just hold each other's hands right now. Would you be willing to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sit with it nice and quiet. So I'll do some talking. So just look at each other. It's hard because intimacy their stuff. We're going to me get each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with your strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your truth. Each of you with your own I spoke my truth. I know who I am. I know how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not contingent on what someone else was I know who I am. Be with that. This is my troops. I made meaning out of something I overreact I under-reacting I
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever the truth. It happened okay okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sitting here in each other's lives caring enough to listen and to not judge
Gwenevere Abriel: That's big. It's the judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ultimately we're going to be abandoned that eventually. It's just, I'm not going to be good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Each of you are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, to share your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when we were vindictive
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I was over, controlling. Well, I was vindictive I retaliated well I was passive aggressive. So what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still lovable be with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different I'm special I'm unique I'm good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm different. I'm special and unique and you guys have that to share
Cynthia We: True. I am here. You're playing video games in the background. Yeah yeah and and it's making me mad with your voting all this, it totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen. Um, but it's meaningful why it has meaning, you know, so there's other there's other competing priorities happening, I get it, I get it. So what do you guys want to do next. I think you guys accomplished a lot of
Cynthia We: Exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it does. It takes my gosh, and you work so hard at that feeling stuff, man. You worked hard at it didn't work hard.
Cynthia We: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's so much easier for us to just go as I'm angry, but it doesn't get to the heart of really why we're getting angry why we're using that anger to protect what's really going on our worst nightmare. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what I do to try and throw solution at this I cancel that I can't, I can't make this woman at the end. I can't do it. I can't do it. I mean, right. And there's this next stuff going on for you, Cindy. And I think we can get somewhere. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to see you again. But you guys decide. Let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if my little list is going to be useful for you or you feel like you've already got your list worked out.
Cynthia We: Are you going to send us a copy of that. Yeah, that'd be great. It would be very strong pair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely yeah right now. I'll send it to you can get back to me. If you want to meet again. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yes, we definitely do.
Cynthia We: But I like. Okay, thank you very much. Bye bye.